<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task-github-acct">
    <title>Create an Account on GitHub</title>
    <shortdesc>In this step, you will learn how to create an account on GitHub.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>This task includes learning how to create a GitHub login and verify the account to
            use.</context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to <xref href="https://github.com/signup" format="html" scope="external"
                    />.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter your email into the blue box in the center of the screen. Make sure to
                    use an email that you have access to, as you will need to view GitHub emails
                    regarding your commits in the future. Click the green “continue” button.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a password and type it into the blue box in the center of the screen.
                    Make sure the password you choose is unique from your other passwords – consider
                    using a mix of numbers, letters, and special characters. Click on the green
                    “continue” button. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter your desired username into the blue box in the center of the screen. Make
                    sure to choose something you will remember, such as your first and last name.
                    Click on the green “continue” button.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Verify your account by solving the puzzle that appears on your screen.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to your email inbox to retrieve the 8-digit GitHub launch code. Enter the
                    code into the boxes on the screen.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Sign in to your GitHub account. </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
