<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_ivr_mcp_jdc">
    <title>Publishing to GitHub Using GitHub Actions</title>
    <shortdesc>In this step, you’ll learn how to publish your content.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>This step will walk you through the process of publishing your content through GitHub
                Actions. This is the point where your work in Oxygen and GitHub truly merges into
                one single workflow. </p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Make Sure You Have a .ditamap File in Oxygen</cmd>
                <info>This is necessary, as this is the file that GitHub will be trying to pull
                    from. Name it "document.ditamap" to make sure it works. </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Ensure that all changes made on Oxygen are committed.</cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>From the Oxygen personal workspace, go to "Changes" on the left
                            sidebar.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Press the blue "Commit..." button, write a message briefly describing
                            what you have changed, then confirm the commit.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to the GitHub repository and check to see if your deliverables are
                    there!</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_hqs_bdv_kdc">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>The PDF file should be found at the bottom of the most recent commit
                            under GitHub Actions.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>The HTML should be automatically uploaded to GitHub Pages, so go there
                            to check (in Settings, then Pages).</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>If the HTML is not uploading automatically, then you must build it manually in
                    GitHub Pages.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
